Update dbt-commands.md (#5148)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt-commands.md

For information about selecting models on the command line, refer to [Model selection syntax](/reference/node-selection/syntax).

> Commands marked with a ('❌') indicate write commands and those with a checkmark ('✅') indicate read commands and (N/A) indicate not relevant to the parallelization of dbt commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commands with a ('❌') indicate write commands, commands with a ('✅') indicate read commands, and commands with a (N/A) indicate it's not relevant to the parallelization of dbt commands.
```

| [snapshot](/reference/commands/snapshot) | Executes "snapshot" jobs defined in a project |  ❌ | All tools <br /> All [supported versions](/docs/dbt-versions/core) |
| [source](/reference/commands/source) | Provides tools for working with source data (including validating that sources are "fresh") | ✅ | All tools<br /> All [supported versions](/docs/dbt-versions/core) |
| [test](/reference/commands/test) | Executes tests defined in a project  |  ✅ | All tools <br /> All [supported versions](/docs/dbt-versions/core) |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, the [`--version`](/reference/commands/version) flag displays the installed dbt Core or dbt Cloud CLI version. (Not applicable for the dbt Cloud IDE). Available on all [supported versions](/docs/dbt-versions/core).
```

> Note that some have "N/A" since they're not relevant to the parallelization of dbt commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, the [`--version`](/reference/commands/version) flag displays the installed dbt Core or dbt Cloud CLI version. (Not applicable to the dbt Cloud IDE). Available on all [supported versions](/docs/dbt-versions/core).
```

> Note, the [`--version`](/reference/commands/version) flag displays the installed dbt Core or dbt Cloud CLI version. (Not applicable for the dbt Cloud IDE). Available on all [supported versions](/docs/dbt-versions/core).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, use the [`--version`](/reference/commands/version) flag to display the installed dbt Core or dbt Cloud CLI version. (Not applicable for the dbt Cloud IDE). Available on all [supported versions](/docs/dbt-versions/core).
```
